you guys so this is meathead and Cal
from you hey gaming calm and today I'm
going to make a video explained to you
guys how to take the most advantage of
the rift afford community and basically
how you can get you know really large
amount of XP and blood shards and even
loot or free rifts depending on how you
want to play so for those of you who
don't know rifted forward is you know a
group of there are some of these where
there are two p there are two types of
you who do things so there's what type
that basically just runs rifts so they
kill everything they get to the rift
guardian and they just repeat that over
and over and over and they never use a
drift key fragments and then there's the
other group of people who come in and
they helped kill the rift guardian they
get the loot from the guardian get the
XP for the Guardian and then you know
some of those people reopen and you
could do either one I do both but you
know there are there are several ways of
doing this since always of optimizing
this so if you for those of you who are
unaware and you can do shift o to open
your communities window and then you
find a community and just to go look for
drifted forward I'll get us about that
right now and then you know you just hit
search and find the community i'm in i'm
only in the main group so this is the
women you guys can join any of them
67,000 members at peak this gets up to
maybe about five thousand or so in chat
and you'll see messages like this so if
we go to just the community you see a
bunch of messages like this where people
say okay we got you know this rift
guardian and then either like the lowest
person who enters opens or the highest
person who enters opens or middle opens
or random opens or just need one person
open whatever so this is a really good
way to you know get basically free
shards for gambling and it's you can you
can probably get somewhere between 1500
to 2000 char
per hour and decent XP if you just sit
there and do this and you're actually
don't even have to kill anything guys
you just sit here and this is that this
is a great community effort and if
you're on the other side if you actually
just want to do rifts and you want to
kill the stuff you know kill monsters in
the rifts and get the gear from the
rifts then you don't have to spend any
whiskey fragments you don't have to do
any values because people will be more
than happy to jump into your rift and
you know kill the Guardian and someone's
going to open it for you so some of you
may ask how do you you know take maximum
advantage of this well there's several
ways so for you know if you're a really
low paragon level like let's say you're
below 100 and there's three spots in a
game then you know you join a game where
people say highest opens because there's
a very very low probability that three
players are going to be below Paragon
100 if you're like me and you're high
paragon level relatively speaking over
500 I join lowest opens games a lot
because there's a very low probability
that two or three people will have you
know paragon level that's about 5 20
also if you have a fast computer like I
do you can you know try to join games
really quickly and then you may not be
the last person joint so this one right
here that I'm just joining is middle
paragon opens it's a little bit more of
a gamble because there's only that means
there's only two choices if there's a
three-person game what which has to be
so see this one I'm actually have to
reopen because this guy's higher than me
so this is actually the first time I've
joined a middle middle game or I have to
be open because he's 525 on 520
generally speaking that does not happen
and you basically just read you know and
join the games that you want to join by
the way don't don't look at this
character guys this is just me I'm busy
crafting up some items and clean up my
inventory and gearing up for giving
higher so ignore this
but if you join the correct games then
you won't use any of your written
fragments unless you just don't care
because normal bounties are super quick
super easy you know and that's a video
that I'll probably be making in the
future me and my clan know sometimes we
get a group of four people you actually
do split acts like acts 1 through 4 and
we on average spend about two minutes
per cash so you know you can get rich
keep fragments pretty quickly too so
there's a lot of ways that you can do
this and you kind of have to figure out
you know what's what's the optimal way
for you to do this and you know i would
recommend doing games withers if you
don't want to use your rifky fragments i
would recommend doing games where
there's three people and if you have a
fast computer join the ones that are
last in opens but you gotta join in the
spot and you should probably be sitting
in her character screen just like here's
a here's which here's what you do it you
would sit here and you would just click
request part and click request party you
can actually right click this and click
the request button and then see what it
actually says if you really want to get
in on these games quick and it's again
you can get shards super super fast
doing this then they just leave the game
and rinse and repeat and you guys might
be asking like when when would you want
to do this you know under what
circumstances I usually do this when I'm
just cleaning out my inventory when I'm
crafting when I'm enchanting just you
know kind of doing some some basic
housekeeping because you know I do have
a ton of things that I need to get rid
of so I've actually been sitting for the
past like hour so just doing this I
already have already rolled two sets of
five hundred shards and it's it's you
know if you're in the middle of doing
things it's a great way to get both XP
insurance and then literally just sit
here and just wait for other people to
do stuff
so I don't want to make this guy too
long but just as a recap here's what you
do if you're super super low paragon
level join the highest opens games three
spots if you're a really high paragon
level join either the middle opens or
the lowest opens games with the game
that you guys just saw that was actually
the first time like I said that I've
actually had to open and I've done you
know several thousand shards of this by
now and you know if you really don't
care if you don't mind burning through
rifky fragments then just go ahead and
join all the games you can't lose that
way like you'll still get some free ones
just depending on what your paragon
level is and how quickly you join the
game that sort of thing but you know
you'll still get your shards and if you
have a really fast computer then join
the last and opens I personally I don't
like to join the ones where it's like
two spots for last in unless I'm
actually sitting here like spanning
those buttons but i will join last n if
it's three and they go super super easy
way to get everything you want so hey
guys let me know if you have any
questions thumbs up if you liked the
video sub if you have an OC guessin